hey guys but they don't hear coming -
what a Jurassic Park special video
review these things are not from that
new tourist part 3d toy lines because
this doesn't have the little flippy
cover apparently these things were
called react attack toys because they
make noises and dug these up from
storage this is the t-rex react attack
one or you know the scientific name
would be Tyrannosaurus Rex so I think
you know look at this bad boy
he doesn't have the cover for the the
flesh one that the other ones steal from
the new Jurassic Park ones but I need a
detail on that either way cuz it looks
pretty nice look at that get the bones
and that's a little button that you
pressed for it to make noises there -
noise activating buttons say this from
the Jurassic Park 3 line see the three
scratches say I like the color on this
thing it resembles a lot the t-rex from
the third movie wish I had a t-rex from
the first movie that won't be cool maybe
they will make it too out of it who
knows but yet if you look at it it's
it's pretty nein you know there's
limited articulation on these bad boys
these were the oldest cool ones from
2008 total 9
so yeah the only the legs can move you
know falling back and there's limited
poses for this guy - because he can't
really stand - well dude or the cuz look
it's pretty neat doesn't even have
pickles
the feet are articulated as well it's
very nice you can see all the all the
detail there on the feet that's so cool
easy here's the hinges where you know I
was playing with it because only one of
them worked from the two figures that I
do have so I swapped out of the
batteries and put it on this bad boy for
now I'll say like give the scales skills
are pretty needs and that's where the
sound comes from look at that detail
these were pretty like really
nicely detailed dinosaurs fur at the
time let me see they're the hinged mouth
you know the sharp teeth and that you
know that's scary clear I'm gonna tell
you guys I love dinosaurs
I loved them since I was a kid these
things are badass I mean look at that
look at that snarl I mean you can tell
some of the pain is already chipping off
on this teeth on the teeth area and
there's some damage here in the jaw
there's no big deal and then it's more
detail there in the top so cool
I don't know the tail moves or not
alright doesn't move it's melted on
there
yeah - no he's activating things on this
bad boy he's got the one on the damage
here where if you present where he gets
damaged makes a you know painful cry and
then he does his famous t-rex roar if
you press this button here in the middle
it's open up his mouth
that is so cool how cool is that yeah
and you getting I don't have to repair
batteries to fix the other one because
the other one I have is the Spinosaurus
so yeah there's another variety of this
color with the t-rex take this one I
guess there's another variety of color
of this t-rex but it was like some wacky
bluish greenish color and I was like
that's not t-rex is color so I had
decided to buy this one instead and I'd
say it's about like maybe five in the
solid C let's put it next to standard
three three-quarter inch Captain America
yeah it takes about five inches more or
less what you guys think five inches I
mean yeah I think it's five inches whoa
playing with the light here yeah you
kind of like not as the biggest oh don't
take him down oak smash I mean I want to
see the whole take the Dino down I mean
would that be cool around smash I don't
take the whole team down with us
so yeah it's pretty much standard five
whoops five inch tall figure and you
know the only technician they get so
again the tiny little arms and the legs
not much I wish they could maybe redo
another of one of this figure similar
with the you know the lights and the
sounds not lights won't I want the sound
also the sound activation know that good
stuff but I don't think they will do
another one
anything they do is that coming on green
to you guys sorry it's probably to the
lights and the bamboo in the background
oh yeah anyways the furniture yes check
out more because yeah I only have two of
these then have a few more like smaller
figures as well but you get the old like
this video you enjoyed it hopefully you
know hopefully they make more of these
react attack figures thumbs up if you
know you
wish they would make more of these come
on Hauser do it and yeah subscribe he
already haven't
more of you is coming soon but this was
just you know special for Jurassic Park
days and today just report greedy cannot
so yeah very much it thanks for watching
see you guys later